Hi, this is the Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
I wonder if everybody knows about the Guinness Worlds Records
It’s a collection of world records
from many different genres of activities
From today onwards, for 3 days,
I, Kizuna Ai,
will challenge those world records!
Because I'm an AI
I'll probably break every single one
of those Guinness records
The first one will be,
The one I'll be challenging today is:
How big a balloon can you blow with bubble gum?
By the way, the current Guinness world record for that is
50.8cm!
That's pretty big!
For the sake of breaking this record,
I'll be trying my hardest!
Well then, let's go!
The first thing to do is to chew the gum
mhmhmhmhm......mhm
*chewing noises*
ah…...
I swallowed it.
That didn't count
I'll try it one more time!
*more chewing noises*
............
Alright, the preparations are done
Well then, for one minute, [Blowing a Balloon Challenge]
Start!
[Take 1]
*Weird blowing noises*
[Take 2]
*High pitched blowing*
*Weird blowing noises*
[Take 2 Over]
*Stares at audience*
[Short rest]
*Feeling relaxed*
It is unexpectedly hard isn't it..
I don't feel like it wasn’t even 10 cm. But,
No!
If we give up, we are finished here!
*Fired up*
Let’s work hard!
[Take 3]
*Starts blowing*
*Weird blowing noises*
*Blowing so hard*
*Blowing really hard*
[Short rest]
*Attempts to blow*
*Tries to blow again*
*Balloon pops*
AGGRHGWWGHWHhhh!
Yay!
That's a new Guinness world record!
Ahh, it's a shame though,
There's no one here to verify it this time too.
Basically, because I'm not human,
my record won’t be legit...
But,
everyone who is kindly watching this video,
is my witness!
How was that?
The gum-balloon was amazingly big, wasn't it?!
I had a feeling it'd go well!
I want to do more Guinness records from now on,
I think I'll be able to set some new records!
That's it then, see you in tomorrow's video!
Bye bye!
There’s more at the end!
Translation by Myi, Averitius, Jejer, and Renai Guri
Check the comments for details on our Discord!
My body is all sticky....
I can't get it off...
GUM.....!!